Clarissa, then Slime Time.
Roundhouse, then Slime Time.
Ren and Stimpy, then Slime Time.
I can hardly wait.
Will it be prizes or will it be slime?
Oh, no.
Find out on the final night of Slime Time Live.
Next on Snick.
Mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm.
Nick shows, Nick shows on Snick.
See? Sure.
Just imagine if you could always do things your way.
Like, if you were a cartoon,
then you could give yourself your own Foot Locker
with tons of Filo Rumble Shoes.
And then you could really jam.
Cartoons.
Lucky for you, Foot Locker has tons of Filo Rumble Shoes.
Hey, it's a start.
Foot Locker, where it all begins.
The food groupies know how children should eat.
My name is George and I've never sicked
to eat fruits each day.
That's the trick.
Right here, full of Vinerchan Bell.
Green foods will help keep you in step.
I'm broccoli, the one with good eyes.
Veggies come in every shape and size.
Peanut's my name, a heart nut to crack.
My group's the strongest in the pack.
My name is Milk Dad, you will see.
I'll make your bones strong, as can be.
So listen to what the food groupies say.
They'll help your body in every way.
Give us a Groupie Five.
This is news.
The box says Cocoa Puffs, but kids are calling it
Coo-Coo Puffs.
I'm Coo-Coo Furks.
It's the Choclity Taste.
See, Cocoa Puffs, part of this complete breakfast,
tastes so Choclity that while it says Cocoa on the box,
it's Coo-Coo in your mouth.
I'm Coo-Coo for Coo-Coo Puffs.
It means Cocoa Puffs.
It's Cocoa Puffs.
It's the question of the year.
How fast can you name the seven dwarfs?
Sleepy, and what is after sleepy?
Sleepy happy, grumpy,
snazzy, bashful and dock.
Sleepy happy, grumpy, snazzy, bashful dock.
Sleepy happy, grumpy, grumpy, snazzy, bashful dock.
I can't really do very good.
Don't miss the greatest animated movie of all time,
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, rated G.
Now playing at a theater near you.
Only Nickelodeon could wienerize television.
Wienerize?
I'm Mark Wiener.
Welcome to Nickelodeon, Wienerville!
It's a brand new two-hour show on Sunday afternoons filled with cartoons.
And us!
We've even wienerized kids.
There's no place like it.
So come to Nickelodeon, Wienerville, premiering this Sunday starting at 2-1 Central on Nick.
Welcome to Snick, Saturday night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
Bullseye.
Okay, was that natural talent and acquired skill or just plain luck?
You decide.
You know, some things you're born good at, some things you get good at,
and sometimes you have goodness thrust upon you.
Here's an example of natural talent.
My talent for shutting up my motor mouth brother.
Hey, what are you doing? That's no way to fold socks.
The top part gets all stretchy.
There's a much better way to do that.
I thought everybody knew that.
First, you put them together.
Then, you smooth them out.
Then, you fold them over.
Then, there are acquired skills.
You know, the stuff that you actually have to work on to get good at,
it's like knowing what to say when your dad presents his latest architectural wonder.
I call it sneakers to go.
What do you think?
Gee, dad, it's really unique.
Finally, there's that old standby.
Hello.
Good old fashion luck.
I guess the point is, whether it's a gift, a skill, or just plain old luck,
when you've got it, you've got it.
The only question is, how do you get it back?
Okay, I know this may sound odd, but for some strange reason,
out of the blue, I've discovered the flute.
I guess I mean rediscovered.
It wasn't always this way.
It all started two years ago when I had to take home act or band.
Some choice.
They didn't even have the instruments that I really wanted.
Ah, Clarissa, we are out of trombones.
Why don't you try the flute?
I was assigned the Wimph of the Woodwind section.
While I could only produce sounds no one could hear.
No one on two legs, anyway.
But after steady practice, I found myself today at 2 p.m.
in Mrs. Doppelgeuse Music Class.
All of a sudden, it felt good.
Really good.
Clarissa, that was beautiful.
Oh, you have made a real breakthrough.
Now we are going to have to do something
with this amazing talent that you have been hiding.
So now Mrs. Doppelgeuse has me performing a solo
in the school recital next week.
The weird thing is, I'm really psyched about it.
It used to be I hated going to those things,
forget about being in them.
Still, lately I've been getting some strange thrill
out of hitting those high notes,
but it's still interesting.
Clarissa? What kind of music are you listening to?
Hey, I thought that was a CD.
I'm getting really good, Clarissa.
Clarissa.
Oh, hi, Sam.
Didn't you notice me?
I guess not. I was playing and something clicked, I guess.
I'll say, but classical?
I know.
Who'd have thought that guys in Wigs 300 years ago
could write music so cool?
Well, I just came over to give you back your 10,000
Maniacs tape, but it sounds like
your taste in music is changing, so...
Not so fast, Sam.
My taste in music is expanding, not changing.
You can't blame me for trying.
Just because I'm really into playing the flute
doesn't mean I'm giving up guitars.
What's that?
Remote control for the toaster?
No, Ferguson, I'm testing our appliances for EMS.
EMS? The only appliance you're going to hear
EMF on is the radio.
Besides, they haven't had a new album out in a while.
It's the electromagnetic field.
I knew that.
Some people think too much EMF exposure
can pose a health risk, and we were talking
about the museum, so I thought I'd check it out.
Ah, so the toaster might be killing me.
Well, I doubt it.
But it would be nice to know we lived
in a non-toxic environment.
Non-toxic? You mean we're sending Ferguson away?
Mom, Evan's to be testing for EMS,
something I'm sure you've heard nothing about.
I saw them live.
EMS stands for...
Electromagnetic fields?
So, Mom, how much do one of these
EMF detector things go for?
Well, I borrowed this one from the Children's Museum,
but I think they cost a couple of hundred dollars.
Ooh, the neighbors really should know about this,
but they can't be expected to shell out
a couple of hundred bucks a piece.
Why should the neighbors pay for their
own EMF testing kits
when an expert can test their homes for them?
And who might that expert be?
Hmm, I don't know.
I haven't given a much thought.
Me?
Oh, if you could start a neighborhood EMF watch.
Hmm, I wonder how much it should charge as a fee.
Oh, Ferguson.
Clarissa, Mrs. Dobble do call about your flute solo.
That's wonderful news.
Yeah, usually I don't do that kind of thing,
but this should be fun.
I'm playing this really cool piece by Bach.
Did I just use the words cool
and Bach in the same sentence?
It's happening to me.
So, you're finally starting to enjoy the flute,
right?
Yeah, Dad, it was the weirdest thing.
It was like two years of practice finally kicked in.
My breath control,
my fingering, my phrasing, they all work together.
Usually I'm lucky to get two out of three.
Her teacher said she has a real gift.
Oh, well, that makes sense.
Musicability runs in the family.
I mean, I was a pretty fair drummer
back in college if I say so myself.
Dad, you used to play the drums?
Beat them to death is more like it.
He said it was releasing aggression.
I would have put Ringo out of a job.
I'm kind of glad Dad didn't stick with it.
Why is that, Clarissa?
Because then we'd have to deal with a new kind of EMF.
Entertainment by middle-aged fathers.
Sure, Sam, come by.
I'll just be practicing my solo.
Okay, see you later.
Bye.
Okay, I've put aside the whole morning to practice my piece.
I figure if I memorize it today,
I can just walk out on stage,
no music, and just play.
That'll blow them away.
It's been a major morning of total focus.
Undisturbed, uninterrupted.
Hey, Sport.
I, uh...
I brought you something I'd like you to have.
What's that, Dad?
Oh, some sheet music back from when I was a musician.
Yeah, we did some wicked Jethro Tell covers back then,
and there's some stuff for the flute in there.
Great.
Yeah, it's great to see you so excited about your music
that I'd hate to see you hang it up like I did.
So, you know, maybe if you really stick with it,
you could hit the big time, huh?
Whoa, Dad, slow down.
I don't even have my first gold record yet.
It's just a school recital.
Well, I just never know where it could lead.
Where did Mozart get his start?
Playing for the crowned heads of Europe.
Well, yeah, I mean,
that was sort of an 18th-century version of the school recital.
I mean, everybody's got to start somewhere.
Hey?
No pressure there. Just top Mozart.
Jethro Tell.
Who's they?
Oh, sword and drop-up.
I'll tell you, though.
Guests who Mrs. Doppel do invited to the recital.
Jethro Tell?
Close. Zoe Vanzinia Zanza.
Zoe Vanzinia Zanza?
Madam Zoe Vanzinia Zanza?
She's the best flute instructor in the state.
You know, she only takes one new student a year,
and some of her students have gone on
to play the finest symphony orchestras in the country.
What's she want to see me for?
Well, she'll be there to hear the whole recital,
but I don't know how she could miss you
performing the evening's only flute solo.
Yeah, that would be kind of hard, wouldn't it?
Wow.
I guess I better start practicing already.
I'm not quite ready for an audience.
Oh, sorry.
I'll wait till the concert.
Recital.
What's wrong with the word concert, Clarissa?
Well, a concert is big and scary.
Recital is intimate, manageable,
and playing in a recital.
Just let me know if you need anything.
I will.
Madam Zinia Zanza, I better work hard
Do I want to impress her?
Well, I better work hard.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
What's wrong? You don't look too glad to see me.
It's not you, Sam. It's Madam Zinia Zanza.
Is she here?
Funny.
Is this a bad time? You told me to come over later,
and this is later.
I haven't even started practicing.
Then I better go.
You know everyone's talking about this concert.
Recital.
I played at the school.
Everyone's talking about it like everybody, everybody?
Everybody. You better practice.
See you, Clarissa.
Thanks, Sam. I'll call you later.
Gee, I hadn't planned on being such a hot ticket.
Still, I can see it now.
Me, my flute, and my adoring public.
Okay.
One more time.
Forget about the encore.
Forget about memorizing.
First, I have to remember how to play.
More Clarissa.
Nick, after this.
Come on, buck, you're blowing the gun on.
Ever seen.
Ever seen. It's an all-new scary tale on
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight on Snick.
You're watching...
Nick!
And now, back to Clarissa, explains it all.
This is ridiculous.
The recital is in two days.
It's a piece I know I can play,
but every time I try, all that comes out is...
And the pressure is building like nobody's business.
Dad's already invited everyone I've ever known since pre-school,
plus everyone he's ever known since pre-school.
And if that's not enough pressure,
my mom has opened up a savings account
to make a down payment for master lessons
with that Madame Zinnia's ends.
If she accepts me as a student.
Meanwhile, I haven't even made it through the solo once.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
I hope I'm not interrupting.
Nothing to interrupt.
You still can't play?
It's like trying to lift a ten ton boulder with my breath.
It's like I haven't been trying.
I've been here for hours.
I mean, look at my hands.
What's the problem?
I can't seem to get my fingers unfrozen.
I think it's all the pressure.
Well, I guess it wouldn't be a great time to have more than, but...
But what?
My dad told me that the guy who reviews
for the local entertainment section
is reviewing the concert.
Sorry, recital.
Great.
Is there anything I can do to help?
I fell out the window?
Okay, I can't ask you to lie.
Just push me?
So what do you think the problem is?
Simple, Sam. I must have been in the zone
and now I've fallen out of it.
You were in the zone?
That's what made you play solo?
I can't think of any other explanation.
My brain just went to that one place
where I couldn't seem to make a mistake.
So that's where you were that day
I came in while you were playing.
You didn't even know I was there.
To me one weekend with foosball
couldn't miss.
One weekend never again?
Not like that.
My dad says he sees an athlete all the time.
Too bad.
Too bad what?
It's just something uncontrollable, isn't it?
I mean, you just have to wait until you get there again.
Sam, I don't have time
to wait for an invitation from the zone.
In two days I have to give a concert.
Recital.
See how it's getting to me?
Still.
I don't know, but there must be a way.
If the zone won't come to me,
then I'll come to the zone.
Hey, sport.
What you doing?
Oh, you know that sneakers to go store.
Well, it needs more space, so I'm designing the left shoe.
What are you going to do if they need to expand again?
I'll put a pump on it.
So, what do you need?
Actually, Dad, I was just wondering if...
Wait a minute!
I just did an electromagnetic reading
and they are inches away from total EMF meltdown.
Well, what exactly does that mean, Ferguson?
It's head to the hills, property values are plummeting.
Ferguson, I just got a call from Edna's sub-restudio
and she's very upset. What did you tell her?
Exactly what she needed to know, Mom.
Her EMF levels are beyond toxic.
All they got to do is flip on their hair dryer
and it could vaporize the neighborhood.
She's called everyone on the block. They're all in a panic.
No one should fear the truth, Mom.
Are you sure you're operating that device correctly?
Yeah, let me go check Dad's lamp.
I thought my hands felt a little tingling.
Well, it would be a hundred
if it wasn't for this little tiny decimal point right here.
1.00?
That's in the safe range.
Yeah, probably just writer's crap.
Nice move, Mr. Edison.
Come on, Ferguson. Where are we going?
Going back to the sofa scenes to straighten this out right now.
Oh, Mom.
The master's the higher brain functions. He could be dangerous.
So, what did you need sport?
You got any old incense lying around?
Incense?
Well, gee, I'm not sure.
I've got a bunch of junk here in the cabinets.
There might be some. But I doubt it.
What do you need incense for?
Well, I was just practicing the flute
and I was having a little trouble concentrating.
Uh-huh. So, what's the incense supposed to do?
Well, I thought maybe it would help me get back into the zone.
The zone?
I hit the zone once.
Back in 67.
Wow, Dad, what was your calling? Music poetry?
Stamping.
Stamping?
Stamping. Can goods. The grocery store.
Yeah, I was just done a summer job or so I thought.
I was in charge of stamping all the prices on all the stuff.
That's when you hit your zone?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I was just stamping away, you know.
49 cents, 49 cents, 49 cents,
but all of a sudden, whammo.
I hit a bean and bacon soup can right in the middle.
Really?
I mean, dead center.
And then I did it again and again and again.
I couldn't stop. I was a 49 cent stamping machine.
I nailed every can in that place.
Ah, felt great.
Then what happened?
I got fired.
What for?
Well, you know, I'd labeled everything 49 cents.
Boss lost a fortune.
And I never found my way back to the zone again.
Well, I don't think there's any incense in here support.
You can go check the attic if you want.
No, thanks. I think I'm going to try something else.
Good luck.
Lock. Dad.
Luck's the last thing I'm relying on.
If I want to get back into the zone,
I'm going to have to take the scientific approach.
Only one more day to the performance
and it looks like it's time for me to take the clinical approach.
I've isolated all the major elements.
Now I'm ready to compare and contrast
the three known zone experiences.
Theoretically speaking, there should be one common thread
that unites them all.
First, Sam's unexplained foosball phenomenon.
Location, the Y.
Environment, intense competition.
Atmospheric conditions, smell of sweat socks.
Case number two, Marshall Darling in his stamping stampede.
Location, the grocery store.
Environment, minimum wage.
Atmospheric conditions, inky.
Case number three, my fleeting fluid ability.
Location, music class.
Environment, this period.
Atmospheric conditions, harmonious.
What do these three zoning experiences have in common?
Nothing. Science is a big fat bust.
They could put a man on the moon
but they can't get me out on a school auditorium stage.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
How's the scientific approach to zoning?
Well, I'm still collating data
and the results are inconclusive.
Which means?
I'm getting nowhere.
I might as well just go and get this over with
so everyone can forget it.
That could happen if there's a fire in the school library.
What do you mean?
You know Dennis Krugtrotter?
The audio-visual nerd?
Sam, he's not.
He is.
Videotaping the whole recital for posterity
in the school library.
You'll be immortalized.
Oh, no. That's just great.
Now, anytime anyone has a free period
they can just take me out of the library stacks,
cram me into a VCR
and watch me over and over and over again.
Talk about eternal embarrassment.
I've got an idea.
Let's go for a walk.
What? Sam, now?
Hey, it'll help you clear your head.
You've been cooped up in here too long to find your zone.
Well...
The great outdoors have inspired artists for generations.
Thoreau, Van Gogh, Rambo...
Well, I guess it's worth a shot.
But I'm taking my flute with me.
Who knows?
Maybe a little bit of fresh air
will make finding my zone a breeze.
Na-na-na-na-na-na.
Eight, nine, ten.
Alright, ten invoices.
Ten neighbors, multiplied by ten bucks a piece.
Looks like Mr. Ben Franklin's coming to our house.
Bergface, what are you doing?
Hey.
Congratulations.
Your home has been registered E-M-F-free
by a nearly certified electromagnetic particle wave technician.
That's you.
That's me.
Hey, somebody had to do it.
Do what?
You mean you actually went to every house in this block
with mom's electromagnetic thingy?
I was much more comprehensive than that.
I did a sweep from the backyard.
I saved the neighbor.
Yeah, tell me, that isn't worth ten bucks.
Come on, Sam. Let's go find a furg for his own.
Well, getting out of the house didn't get me out of my flu problem.
I tried looking for inspiration in a bunch of different locations,
but everything was just a little off-key.
First I got my act together and took it on the road.
Well, the front yard anyway.
I found a face full of nature with no zone.
I have a sprinkler!
So then I went further to find my zone in the park.
I didn't hit a single high note.
But I did make 35 cents, so it wasn't a total loss.
Finally I gave up on nature and went to the auditorium.
That's what was to be the scene of my public humiliation in less than 24 hours.
I got through my song. It even turns out I've got a fan, sort of.
Hey, if you like flute playing, you ought to come back tomorrow.
There's a girl about your age supposed to be playing.
And I hear she's really good.
Yeah, he hears I'm good till he hears me play.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa. Sounds kind of quiet up here.
Yeah, too quiet. Nothing works, Sam. Nothing.
I know there's a way back into the zone. I just have to find it.
Clarissa, we've tried everything.
I know. It's been awful. I can't even look at this thing anymore.
And I used to have so much fun just playing.
Those were the days. Well, day, actually.
So what was different about that day?
Well, nobody had any expectations. And I didn't have any expectations.
I just hit the zone and I was terrific.
You know, even when you're not in the zone, you're pretty good.
I don't want to be as good as I can be.
Who doesn't?
But maybe it isn't realistic to think I'll always be in the zone.
I mean, Michael Jordan probably has his off days, but he still suits up, right?
Yeah.
So what if I do mess up? So what? Who cares? What are they going to do?
Shoot me?
I don't think anyone's going to shoot you, Clarissa.
And forget about this pressure from my parents and Madam Zinnia Zanz
and Dennis Krugtrider in his video recorder.
I don't care about the zone. I'm not playing for anybody.
You mean you're not going to do it?
I mean, I'm not playing for anybody but me.
Clarissa, we were very proud of you tonight.
Didn't you enjoy watching your sister play?
Well, I would have if I didn't have to go around the whole auditorium
apologizing to our neighbors all night.
Sending bills to our neighbors.
Hey, it's time they learned that public service has a price.
You know, watching you up there really gave me a thrill, sport.
Really, dad?
Yeah. But it made me think about being a drummer again.
Oh, Marshall, you don't really think you're cut out for the rock and roll lifestyle, do you?
Well, no, we could do it all together. I mean, the whole darling family.
We could buy a van, make some costumes, hit the road.
Thanks, dad, but I don't think I'm ready to hit the road anytime soon.
You're not thinking of giving up the flute, are you?
No, but from now on, I'm just going to play for myself.
If the zone wants to find me, it knows where I am.
Stand by to play Slime Time Live.
Nickelodeon's Slime Time Swipstakes is coming up now.
The interactive play-at-home game where you got to find who's hidden behind the boxes.
Only one way to find out.
Stay tuned for Slime Time coming up next.
Let's do it to it.
Floresic Explains It All was taped in Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
It's feeding time now at Jurassic Park.
Don't worry, most of our dinosaurs are gentle vegetarians.
It's Jurassic Park, a raptor grabs a baby dinosaur.
Grant tears off in the Bush Devil Tracker to save it.
Use the snare! He's safe!
But later...
Look out, Triceratops!
Whoa!
But the young T-Rex wants a piece of the action.
Oh, Dino Davids!
Can the dinosaurs be recaptured before it's too late?
Look for the J.P. Mark.
It's happening, but only at Jurassic Park.
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street, proudly maintaining your yard,
hanging with your folks, or cleaning your room.
But get real.
You'd rather be playing video games.
You can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more of the coolest Nintendo, Super Nintendo,
and Sega Genesis games for rent than anyone in the world.
So dudes, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
How does Nick get to my house every day?
Watch.
Mitchell! Mitchell!
He's at a SNCC party at his local McDonald's.
You're already not a place. Let's get started.
When you say stop, a Nickelodeon character will tell you
who you need to find on our game board to make a match and win.
So when you're ready, say stop.
Hey, it's me, Kiki, from Are You Afraid of the Dark,
and fellow member of the Midnight Society, Gary,
somewhere out on the game board.
Now if you find him, you win.
You're looking for Gary Pick-A-Box.
Three!
Let's see three.
It is. It's Gary.
Jump on your accessories.
Lifetime is sponsored by McDonald's, Sega,
and the place where only kids win, Nickelodeon.
Leave his father and mother and take unto him a wife.
Do you or don't you?
We do!
And the two shall bear children that their days may be long upon the earth.
And it is also written that the mortgage shall be long upon the house,
and dad shall lose his job, and mom shall be passed over for promotion,
and the two shall become greatly stressed out,
and lo, they shall each pull their respective hair,
and dad shall watch Baywatch with an unclean eye,
and mom shall dent the station wagon,
and lo, they shall each pull the other's hair.
Then the day cometh when mom shall ask that faithful question
which hath no right answer.
Honey, does my butt look big in this dress?
And there shall be great crying and gnashing of teeth,
and the voice of the lawyer shall be heard in the land.
And it is written, blessed are the children,
for they shall catch black from both sides.
This is just a reminder.
Parents' day is tomorrow.
There's gonna be two sessions for those of you
whose parents can't be in the same room.
For those of you with more than four step-parents,
please remember, parking is limited.
Thank you.
Hey, Chris, is your real father or your step-father coming to parents' day?
Uh, my real dad. I don't have a step-father.
You don't have a step-father?
Your mom hasn't been married yet?
No. I mean, she's still married.
I mean, my real parents are still married.
Whoa, man. Heavy, dude. Heavy.
I think you need to visit a school psychologist,
Dr. Hugo Bezerk.
Hello, Tommy. Take a seat.
Now, I want you to take a look at this ink blotch
and tell me what you see.
It looks like an ink blotch.
Ah-ha!
Just as I suspected.
What is it?
Separation anxiety.
So anxiety if it comes from being the only kid at school
with parents who are not separated.
Well, what can I do? I mean, what can I do about it?
Here, read this.
How to fake your parents' divorce.
Exactly. So tell me, how is your step-father doing?
I don't have a step-father.
No!
Page 162.
Oh. He's okay, I guess.
But I miss my real dad.
Perfect. Well, I'm afraid that time is up.
Good luck. And remember, may divorce be virtue.
Divorce be...
Touch a choke.
Great. I hope this next sketch
helps me out a little more than the last one.
Sweetie, why were you talking to the school shrink?
Well, I'm a little troubled, and I can't sleep.
When my kids can't get to sleep,
I give them a dose of mominix.
Mominix is the endless meaningless battle
for mom that bores kids to unconsciousness.
Speaking of babble,
I just found an addition to my shower cap collection.
I got it for five cents with a triple coupon.
You know, they just don't perforate coupons
the way they used to.
Those were the glory days.
Nobody perforated like I did.
Blavity, blah, blah, blah.
Pancakes, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Captain stewing.
Thanks for trying, Mom, but I still can't sleep.
Oh, honey, well, why don't you tell me
what's bothering you?
Actually, it's you and Dad.
Oh.
Oh, well, we'll find another place to live then,
sweetie. It's short notice, but...
No. I mean, you're my real mom
and my real dad.
That's right.
Oh, honey, have you been studying genetics again?
Listen, you don't have to turn out like your father, all right?
Environment has a lot to do with it.
Yeah, but just look at him.
It's painful.
It strikes without warning,
and it only hits fathers who sit on their haunches
and stare at the tube all day.
It's...
Hey, has anybody seen the TV, Powerlord?
Remote control, some.
My thumb! It's huge!
Oh, no.
Oh, no, I've lost control
of my most important bodily function.
I've lost remote control.
Poor dear.
And he was in the prime of his...
Well, he was in prime time.
Oh, what's the use in living?
So I can finally turn this idiot box off.
Oh, fish.
But now there's a solution.
An even bigger remote control
called the even bigger remote control.
Hey!
Check it out.
Ooh, that was close.
And by the way, don't call me handicapped.
I prefer to be known as digitally challenged.
You know, I don't have anything personal against Dad.
It's just that all the other kids have step-fathers
and I feel left out.
I mean, Jimmy's step-dad has a beamer
and Cindy's owns a toy store.
Well, honey, I know your dad doesn't always show it,
but he really loves you.
I know the nerve of that guy.
He's made me the laughing stock of the whole school.
Well, son, I'm really stuck for an answer on this one.
You know, I'm gonna have to consult
the TV parent's book of cliches.
Let's see.
Well, here's a good one.
What's the mother to do?
They really need a step-dad.
Could you just shop around a little?
Welcome to the NFL Trial.
John, what do you think of this first prospect?
Well, he's slow-witted, apathetic,
and has all the moral fiber of a can of spam.
But hey, I mean, I have to admit,
that probably gives him an edge.
All right, let's go straight to the allowance competition.
Can I please have $20?
$20? That's a good one.
$20? Where am I supposed to get $15?
You want $10? Why do you want $5?
Okay, let's go to the pot-gut competition.
Ready, dads?
What do you think, John?
Well, it's gonna be awfully hard to beat number three.
I mean, come on, he hasn't seen his toes in almost three years.
Okay, that takes us to the talent portion of this year's draft.
Dads?
Well, I can do this trick here.
Kids go ape for this.
I will now play for you all Beethoven's fifth symphony
on the pit organ.
Okay, number three, it's up to you.
Show us what you got.
Stand back, Buster. I'm going to twirl.
Don't worry, son. We'll find you a stepfather somewhere.
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
There are a lot more than a kick in the head.
They're Bark 2's from Bark's Root Beer.
Two are removable body art in 36 different designs.
Free, inside specially marked 12 packs of great-tasting
Bark's Root Beer, the one with bite.
So leave your later hose and home and make a fashion statement
on your arm, on your leg, or on your head
with Bark 2's from Bark's Root Beer, the one with Bark 2's.
There are a lot more what you call ugly people in this world
than beautiful people.
And there's a growing sense of strength in our collective ugliness
and it's frightening to some people.
But we refuse to accept the standard television definition
of what beauty is.
We don't want to live in a beer commercial.
We don't have permanent dramatic shadows
that make our plain faces pretty.
We don't have perfect airbrush bodies.
And we don't want them.
The point is not to be beautiful.
The point is to be yourself.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
That the Disser family isn't looking for a step of fire.
Nice try, Dad.
Oh, come on.
What gave me away?
Well, most normal men don't come to the door
in an easy chair.
Well, just give me another chance.
Sorry, Dad.
We got to have a step family like everybody else.
It's a story.
We have first dibs on sulking.
You have to pounce.
This isn't the way it happens on TV.
You're all supposed to forget about your real parents
and get into wacky hijinks together.
Yeah.
And someday one of you will have the attic all to yourself
to make a groovy hippie bed.
We don't even have an attic.
This is silly folding.
This family sucks bell bottoms.
Oh, this is booty.
I bake some cookies.
Now, don't we all feel just a little closer?
No way.
We still hate each other.
But at least we have cookies.
This is a step family.
What's a real dad doing here?
You can get a new step dad.
Just let me take my baby with me.
Oh, Dad.
Sorry, honey. TV stays here.
Oh, wait a minute. Couldn't we have joint custody?
No, well, it's still under warranty.
Well, don't expect me to pay cable support.
I'm not letting go of this,
not as long as all my stepchildren's on.
I'm marrying Alex.
Oh, what is that going to make him to me?
Well, never mind that.
You'll be your own half-sister.
Mommy!
Man, this is terrible.
Doesn't anybody have an opening for a guy
who's perfected the audit doing nothing?
Look at this.
My chair doesn't run worth the poo-poo on this sidewalk.
Well, second thought,
just being free-thing might not be so bad after all.
I think I'll take a little nap
and have a really good dream sequence.
If only they could invent a wife
who not only loved cooking and cleaning,
but could also parlay a mediocre singing voice
and a talent for disrobing
into international superstardom.
She's the perfect combination of a sitcom mom
and a pop tart.
She's Madonna Reid.
Hey, Mom, what's for dinner?
I'm cooking sturgeon,
leech, and foxers.
I'm not arising a rock icon
and still have time to talk to me about my problem.
Well, honey, that's what sketch mothers are for.
Now, tell me what's bothering you.
Well, I'm worried about Dad being all alone.
Oh, honey, he'll be okay.
Well, but just imagine what his life is like.
Let's see.
I said, imagine what his life is like.
Hey, we just did a dream sequence.
Yeah, we're on a fire.
Oh, forget it.
We'll do it ourselves.
Come on, sweetie.
Here we go.
Imagine what his life is like.
Remember Wendy from math last semester?
Yeah.
Oh, your dad married her.
This afternoon, on a very special afternoon special,
my stepmother, my classmate,
a tragic story of a girl whose dad married
the homeroom milk monitor.
Hey, Wendy, she's not even on the homecoming court.
Well, I did it for you, pumpkin.
It's gonna save me some time, too.
Now I can drop the two of you off at school together.
So, honey, how are things at Dad's?
Well, I think I'm finally starting to get used to Wendy
being my stepmom.
I held her feet yesterday at the gym for sit-ups.
You know, sweetie, I am so glad to hear
that you are adjusting so well.
By the way, I'm dating the paper boy.
I'm set and confused.
My feelings are warm.
My heart is abused.
I feel uptight.
Distressed and put out.
Can't stop shaking.
My heart is breaking.
No.
I can't stop crying.
Crying.
But I won't stop crying.
No, no, no.
I can't stop shaking.
Shaking.
My heart is breaking.
No.
I can't stop crying.
Crying.
But I won't stop crying.
I feel uptight.
I can't stop.
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Just a few more satisfied viewers of
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight at 9.30, 8.30 Central on Snake.
I had my way.
I played a band.
No, a real band.
With no pickles.
Sure.
Maybe I'll play the drums.
Now with Burger King Sports, here's the thing.
As you can see, sports games are really catching on.
You've got football, soccer, basketball, and radical catchball.
You can collect all four.
One with every kid's meal, only at Burger King.
Heads up.
Oh, no.
What do they think of bubble tape's new dispenser pack?
Your barber calls you Tiger.
Hey, Tiger.
Gives everyone the same haircut.
He says that new pack just doesn't cut it.
And Edna wears too much lipstick.
Her house smells like mahogany.
She has no teeth.
She says I still can't chew bubble tape.
Six feet of bubble tape coming soon in a new dispenser pack.
For you, not them.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snake.
Only on Nick.
By all basis, by the way, I'm not at all sold on this stepfather idea.
You mind your P's and Q's.
It's time once again for Step Family Feud,
the game where you compete against your stepfather
for control of your family.
Hi, I'm the stepdad, and I think it's really important
to show these little rats who's the boss.
You tell them, dear.
Hi, we're the kids, and we're here for the best.
You tell them, kids.
Mom, you're going to have to decide which side you're on.
Oh, I think I'll just sit this one out.
Okay, first question.
Name something Step Kids say
when asked to clean their filthy, stinking rooms.
Sure, I'll get right on it.
Survey says...
Oh, I'm sorry.
Kids, you've got a chance to steal.
You can't make me your number.
Get answers.
Is it that?
Okay, next question.
The top one answer is on the board.
Name something Step Kids say
when asked to do their homework.
You can't make me, you're not my real dad.
Is it that?
Question three.
We asked 100 Step Kids...
You can't make me, you're not my real dad.
Is it that?
I'm sorry.
We asked 100 Step Kids
what their favorite starchy tuber was.
Yams, you're not my real dad.
Kids, you've won control of the game.
What are you going to do now?
We're going to Disneyland and he's paying.
You can't make me, I'm not your real dad.
And now a word from one of our proud sponsors
of Step Family Feud.
Are you looking for that perfect doll
to help you play the games that grown-ups play?
Get Alamone Barbie.
She's young, she's beautiful
and she's just come into a ton of cash.
No need to buy expensive accessories.
Alamone Barbie comes with their own.
And most of Ken's do.
Alamone Barbie from Motel Toys.
A salt and battery not included.
Bankruptcy Ken sold separately.
Fair honeybunch.
How about another glass of punch
and some more snickerdoodles?
Don't push your luck, mister.
Okey-dokey, Mom's a Ken.
Who are you?
I'm your step dog.
Hey, go fetch.
Expect it yourself, kid.
You ain't my real master.
I gotta go bite the step mailman.
Principal Bose, I'd like you to be my step-bothers.
This is Sid, Bob and Walter.
David Sue couldn't make it.
Hey, Cindy, I'd like you to meet
um, step-uncle.
No, son, I'm your step-great-grand-uncle
once removed from your step-mother side.
Confused about just who's who
in your hyper-extended family?
Odd Mark has the solution.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
You're not my real mom, but I guess you'll do.
And for those of you with multiple fathers...
Stoplights are red, caution is yellow.
You're less of a jerk than the previous fellow.
Odd, your family may be.
Odd Mark has a card for you.
To a very special man
with whom my mother currently rebased it.
Odd Mark, for when you care just enough
to send something.
This is just a reminder.
Welcome to all the parents and step-parents
and what have you.
I'd like to announce the winner of the poster contest
for Parents' Day, Chris and E.K.
Hey!
Way to go, way to go!
Honey, sit down.
So he's my son.
Hey, everybody, it's my step-dad.
No, I'm not. I'm his real dad.
And I love him, and I'm proud of him.
Dad, please.
That goes for you too, you little twerp.
I know how he feels.
I'm not Jimmy's real mother, but I love him.
Hey, Samantha, I love you.
Oh, yeah? Well, I love you!
Trick you, son, but I couldn't give your father up.
I love him too much, so sue me.
It's okay, mom. I'm the one who's sorry.
All right, bedtime.
Get upstairs and brush your teeth and reprise your theme song
and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down
I know I can go down
Down, down, down, down
To all the music and the fun
I never want to say, I find no free.
Tonight's snick time is slime time.
And slime time is Nick's interactive game.
We play live on the air,
live on the video phone
with kids across the country.
And the next goal round is coming up next.
So stay tuned.
That's good enough.
Catch more snick after this.
Think of all the mature, responsible things
you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street,
proudly maintaining your yard,
cleaning your room.
But get real, you'd rather be playing video games
than you can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more of the coolest new Nintendo,
Super Nintendo, and Sega Genesis games
for rent than anyone in the world.
So dudes, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
Every little girl loves little trolls.
But what do guys wish for?
Battle Trolls are battle trolls!
Battle Trolls, big-haired dudes with bad attitudes.
Born to battle.
Even other battle trolls.
Troll Call, Troll Manator,
Count Trollula, Nunchuck Troll,
Bullseye Troll in the Troll Mid-Launcher,
Fend Troll in the Trollosaurus App.
Trolls and Trolls have to eat so separately.
Sure, virtual reality has cool special effects,
but Nickelodeon wants you to check out this
special cool effect.
Actual reality. Taste it.
Slime time!
Shannon's at a snick party at her local McDonald's.
She's getting ready to play.
You know how to, how you already know how to play.
When you say stop a Nickelodeon character,
we'll tell you who you need to find a game on our game board
and win so when you're ready, Shannon say stop.
Hey, it's me, Clarissa.
Now my irritating brother, Fergbase,
is somewhere on the game board.
If you find him, you win.
All right, you heard what she said.
You're looking for Ferguson, pick a box.
All right, let's see five.
You win.
It's me, Ferguson.
Slime time is sponsored by McDonald's,
Sega, and the place where only kids win, Nickelodeon.
We interrupt this program for a special report.
This is ace reporter, Ren Hoek.
We're in Times Square to have a word with our returning boys.
Ah, here's one now.
Excuse me, Mr. Horse.
That's Private Horse, civilian.
Tell me Private Horse, how does it feel to be home?
Good, mighty good.
Yes, sir, I think America is the greatest country in the world.
Yes, sir, I like it.
How do you feel about the president's decisions
during this terrible crisis?
President.
Gotta know about the president, eh?
All right, that's the way it is.
I think the president did what he had to do.
A lot of people suffered, including me.
But I would have done the same thing had I been in his hooves.
Yes, sir, I would.
It's our duty to make America a safe place for our kids to graze in.
Say, who's this pretty lady?
Is that your fiancee?
No, it's my sheep.
Well, there you have it, straight from the horse's mouth.
I'm Ren Hoek, ace reporter.
I just love to hear from our fans.
Don't you, Stampy?
Eh, yeah, Ren.
Hey, listen to this one.
It's from little Anthony.
He says, dear Ren and Stampy,
I hope you can visit us in our country, the United States.
The United States of America.
And please bring your costumes.
Sign Anthony.
What do you say, Ren?
Sure thing, pal.
Enjoy.
Happy.
We better kiss the wives goodbye.
Well, we're off to America.
Ren and Stampy, ma.
We'll have to ask your father.
But it's all right with me.
Now, it's so much fun to get...
Well, your father sees.
I have the real Ren and Stampy.
Half in person?
You guys are so funny.
Oops.
Will you do that thing where your eyes bug out
and veins fill up on him
and you look all ugly and everything?
Rise up, kid.
That's a trick.
It's done with puppets and stew meat.
Ren, at least give it a try.
He loves you.
Okay, kid. Watch.
I'll show you the secret.
My best friends.
Let's never go to sleep.
Never go to sleep.
Father doesn't find out about this.
My word.
People.
Let's get something straight here.
I don't like you.
I don't like cartoons.
You're here for one reason.
My son, Anthony, likes you.
And as long as you're good to my boy,
you can stay.
But if you do anything
to destroy his beliefs,
or harm him in any way,
so help me.
Excuse me.
Don't you even put that picture in my head.
Do we understand each other?
We understand very well.
Yes, son?
Can Ren and Stimpy come out and play?
Oh, yes, son.
You should play with your swell new friends.
Remember what I said.
Who's your new friends?
Anthony.
Look, Victor. Don't you recognize them?
It's Ren and Stimpy.
The famous cartoon stars.
Oh, yeah. Sure.
You're not Ren Hoek.
You're not even a Chihuahua.
You're some kind of deformed mosquito or something.
Don't talk to me like that.
I'm a Hollywood big shot.
Oh, yeah?
I'll twist your head out.
Oh, and I suppose you're Stimpy, the stupid cat.
Here, I'll give you something you'll really like.
Joey, Joey.
Like I even believe a fart like you would be friends with Ren and Stimpy.
Next time I see you, kids, you're dead meat.
Nice going, son.
Ren, Stimpy, and Snick will be back after these messages.
I played a band.
No, a real band.
With no pickles.
Sure, maybe I'll play the drums.
Now with Burger King Sports, here's the...
As you can see, sports games are really catching on.
You've got football, soccer, basketball, and radical catchball.
You can collect all four, one with every kid's meat, only a Burger King.
Heads up!
Oh, no.
Cooler than a shag haircut, easier to wear than poultry.
More comfortable than a kick in the head.
They're Bark Tues from Bark's Root Beer.
Cool, removable body art in 36 different designs.
Free, inside specially marked 12 packs of great tasting Bark's Root Beer.
The one with pipe.
So leave your later hose in home and make a fashion statement on your arm, on your leg,
or on your head with Bark Tues from Bark's Root Beer, the one with Bark Tues.
There are a lot of magazines out there that take sides.
What we do is take pictures.
Life, it's what you make of it.
An important message for anyone interested in discovering the multicultural world.
It's now available with nothing lost in translation.
Life, it's what you make of it.
And now, back to the glow of the Renan Stimpey show.
Delighting again!
Fun kid!
What's all the commotion?
I tell you!
Get off!
Get off, my son!
Oh, Anthony!
My beloved child!
I know I strayed from your path,
and maybe I don't go to church often enough,
but you know I'm a good man.
I don't ask for much,
but I'm asking for this one thing.
Please, don't take my boy from me.
Give him a couple more good weeks.
Do it, man!
All right, you two.
You march into the house.
Meet me in the...
You're gonna be all right, boy.
Just take it easy.
Be brave with me.
Hush now.
Daddy, we'll make them pay.
These are big shots, shots from Hollywood.
Is that what makes you feel big,
pushing little boys around?
You feel like big men
playing with little boys' feelings, huh?
You Hollywood types make me sick!
You think because you come from Hollywood,
you can push decent people around,
people who work for a living.
I work my fingers to the bone
to feed my wife and...
my boy, Anthony.
Anthony, you've got to pull through.
I bet you wussies never worked a stinkin' day
in your stinkin' little lives.
Show me your hands.
Just as I thought.
Soft as a baby's head.
Well, look at these hands.
These are the hands of a working man.
What'd you ever do for society anyway?
Just what do you do to earn your keep?
Well, we make people laugh.
Real hard work.
Making people laugh.
Did you go to school to make people laugh?
Listen, I make people laugh, too.
But nobody gives me money.
You want to hear a joke?
Well, I...
I'll tell you a joke,
and you're gonna laugh.
All right.
Here's the joke.
You ready?
Why did they bury the fireman...
behind the hill?
Come on, funny guys, huh?
Why did they bury the fireman behind the hill?
I'll tell you why.
Because he was...
dead!
That's pretty good, huh, Ren?
Maybe we can use that.
All right, funny guys.
I want to know something.
I just want to know one thing.
So what makes you guys move anyway?
Hey, honey!
Bring Anthony in here!
You gotta see this!
Hey, funny guys, do it again for my boy.
Oh, my God!
Goodness!
Honey!
I love those guys!
To discuss the current world crisis,
today's residing chairman is Mr. Horse.
Mr. Horse!
Today we face a world crisis.
Yet, while initial indications
would suggest a political backwash
that characterizes the devastating brouhaha
we face today,
your administration has refused to budge
on these compromise proposals.
Nevertheless, many believe a relief effort
emphasizing the urgency of the situation
would serve as sort of a catalyst
during a slow global upswing.
Foreign interests may be moderately optimistic,
but superpower co-sponsors have left a generally
negative depression in the way of political failure.
Well, Mr. Horse, what I'm getting at is
just what is your opinion of the world's situation today?
Hmm.
Las cucaraches entren, pero no pueden salir.
No, sir, he doesn't like it.
Thank you, Mr. Horse.
Just one more sliming to go.
Slime Time Live's final time is straight ahead.
I can hardly wait!
Who's hanging on the video phone?
Stand by for the final phone call
in Nickelodeon's Slime Time Sweepstakes
next on Snick...
Just hang on, okay?
Nick shows, Nick shows on Snick.
See? Sure.
Just imagine if you could always do things your way.
Like, if you work artillery.
Then you could give yourself your own footlocker
with tons of Filo Rumball shoes.
And then you could really jam.
So you're not a cartoon.
Lucky for you,
the footlocker has tons of Filo Rumball shoes.
Hey, it's a start.
Footlocker, where it all begins.
To your left, you may see a giant stegosaurus.
Don't worry, they're safely secured.
Look out!
Jurassic Park!
Dino Madden!
The dinosaurs are on a rampage,
and only the JP team is tough enough to stop them.
Grant fires his net launcher.
L.A. launches her grappling hook,
while Dune and the Jungle Explorer stuns him.
Naptime!
Tim Murphy saves a baby dinosaur.
Snagosaurus!
Look out, Landry!
Hungry for action, it's happening,
but only at Jurassic Park.
There are a lot more of what you call ugly people
in this world than beautiful people.
And there's a growing sense of strength
in our collective ugliness.
And it's frightening to some people.
But we refuse to accept the standard television definition
of what beauty is.
We don't want to live in a beer commercial.
We don't have permanent dramatic shadows
that make our plain faces pretty.
We don't have perfect airbrushed bodies,
and we don't want them.
The point is not to be beautiful.
The point is to be yourself.
A sister treats her to find out why she likes Nick.
He's cute, he's smart, and he doesn't smell bad.
Jug!
Nick is kids.
Even weird ones.
When you say stop, a Nickelodeon character
is going to tell you who you need to find
to make a match and win.
So when you're ready, say stop.
From Roundhouse.
Now somewhere on the game board,
Ivan's hanging out.
If you find him, you win.
And Mickey's digging me the way I'm looking right now.
Pick a box there.
You're looking for Ivan.
Ben!
Let's see three.
Wrong box.
Okay, that's right.
Now pick another box.
You're looking for Ivan.
Ben!
Let's see seven.
No, that's Mikey for Nick Arcade.
That means like me.
It's time for Slime Talk.
Right there.
Sega Game Gear and the Serf Ninja Contra.
I guess Slime too.
Best few weeks on Slime.
Slime Time is sponsored by McDonald's,
Sega, and the place where only kids win Nickelodeon.
You ever get the feeling of being watched?
Hey, yo, turn off the brights.
Yeah.
We know who you are.
Really?
Who are we?
Okay, I give up.
We're surrounded by monsters.
Ooh, I'm so scared.
You see us every week.
But do you really know us?
Do you really know anyone?
Even yourselves?
If you stare long enough,
you might see a stranger here.
Are we having a story tonight?
Are we just playing games?
Does that answer your question?
My story is about strangers among us.
You see them every day,
but never take the time to look.
But if you did,
you might find that the scariest strangers
are the ones inside ourselves.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story
The Tale of the Thirteenth Floor.
No one lived on the top floor,
the 13th floor of the old renovated building.
The last tenants had disappeared years ago,
vanished into thin air.
Be careful now.
Remember what happened to the last people who lived up here?
What?
As if we haven't heard this in a million times.
No one knows.
Gus, you always say that.
It's just I don't like you kids playing up here by yourselves.
And the 13th floor on top of it
makes me uneasy.
13th floor.
Ooh, spooky.
Come on, let's play.
Karen and her brother Billy lived on the 12th floor
and used the 13th as their own private space.
Can't we do something I'm good at for a change?
I hate sports.
Come on, I'll be easier.
Just keep your eye on the ball.
No one ever went up there
and said they always had the place to themselves.
But that was soon going to change.
I think the net's right there.
I know that.
If I had your jeans, I could do it.
What have my jeans got to do with it?
Not your blue jeans.
If I had your biological jeans,
my real parents must have been clever like me.
When you get off of that,
you can't use your adoption as an excuse
every time you can't do something.
Why not?
It's very convenient.
I don't know.
Come on, let's play.
Going down...
Where's Gus?
Gus was called away.
He had an emergency.
I'm Leonid, the replacement elevator operator.
Come on, we'll walk.
Hello, Cameron.
How are you?
We've come for a little visit.
Are you talking to me?
What do you think?
I think I'm dreaming.
Thirteen, please.
Oh, I'm sorry,
but the new tenants are fumigating today.
What new tenants?
I don't know.
They're fumigating today.
What new tenants?
That's our place.
Going down?
No, thanks.
We're flying through outer space?
No.
And everyone's.
There was this guy.
And he was on the television.
For care.
Doesn't have your last name or any stamps.
Maybe it's a secret admirer.
I wish.
The toy factory.
What is it?
An invitation from a toy company
on the floor.
That's who moved in.
What's a toy company doing in an apartment building?
They want to test new toys and sports equipment on kids.
And I'm invited.
Why are you?
Why not?
It's for any time tomorrow.
I don't want to go.
They didn't invite me.
They want you.
I'm not good at sports stuff.
I get embarrassed.
So what?
Maybe they'll give away some free stuff.
I don't know.
I just want you to come tomorrow.
Why?
Because you're a very special person.
It wouldn't be the same without you.
Say you'll come.
Okay.
Yeah.
What changed your mind?
I don't know.
I just did.
But you've got to come with me.
They didn't invite me.
Billy, please.
All right.
I want to check this out too.
Will you see up the stairs?
I wouldn't, as usual.
I'm Olga.
And you must be Karen.
Yeah.
This is my brother, Billy.
I see.
Nice of you to bring Karen here, Billy.
We won't be needing you.
Wait.
He's with me.
But we only need one test subject.
She's my sister.
When I leave, she leaves with me.
Very well.
This way, please.
What do you get for doing this?
What do you want?
Well, maybe some free stuff.
I think that can be arranged.
This is Raymond, our technician.
Explain everything to you.
Hello.
Both children?
Yes.
Both children.
What do we have to do?
Each of these buttons plays a note.
I will play several notes in a row.
Then you must hit the buttons and repeat the sequence.
Sounds like a test.
It's a race to see who can react the fastest.
A coordination game.
Forget it.
I'll lose.
There are no winners in this game.
What's this got to do with thoughts?
This helps us in our design process.
This is a game.
Here, like this.
No helping.
We'll try again.
I'm running.
Wait, I'll get it.
Are you okay?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm fine.
I can do this.
Billy, keep at it until you get it right.
While he's practicing, we can move on to the next game.
See if you're ready.
Yes.
But the boy is with her.
Unfortunate.
We don't have much time.
We must leave by six.
She will be ready.
I think you're going to like this next test.
So far, so good.
What's this for?
It's all right, my dear.
We're going to stimulate parts of your brain you've never used before.
You will reach your full mental and physical powers soon.
Now, I want you to stir up this ball and move it with your mind.
What?
Close your eyes.
Let your thoughts surround the ball.
Hold it in your mind.
Now, open your eyes and point.
Push it with your mind.
Make it do something else.
And don't tell me what.
What's wrong with him?
We have a surprise for you.
We're going on a trip.
No, I don't want to go.
I am simulating the atmospheric pressure of home.
We want to be sure you will survive there.
Where?
What are you talking about?
Once you have reached your median capacity,
we will transfer you to the ship.
What ship?
Ah, that's better.
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
Hi, I'm Mark Wiener.
Come to Nickelodeon, Wienerville.
Watch Cartoon.
Nickelodeon, Wienerville.
Here's this Sunday.
I love video scavenger hunting.
Let's roll.
Spotted dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand.
Got it.
Twins?
I always see twins.
And McDonald's.
I mean, we're Spotted Dogs.
Hey, a rock group.
For me.
Red convertible.
I always see red convertible.
At McDonald's.
Hey, we're doing great.
We're doing great.
Look, twins.
Not anymore.
I knew we'd find everything at McDonald's.
Why don't you say something?
From Walt Disney Pictures,
in the great tradition of Disney Family Entertainment,
comes a bewitching new comedy.
Hello.
They're three brave kids.
Touch those children.
Out to stop three mixed up witches.
Yes.
Before they run amuck.
Come on, come on, come on.
In a story full of magic.
Nice going, Max.
You can talk.
Excitement.
And Disney Fun.
She did it.
Hocus Pocus Rated PG.
National sneak preview tomorrow.
Tomorrow, tune in to Nicknews W5
and tune in to your world.
Oil, paint and pesticides.
Is our environment going down the drain?
Grass is always greener, except when it's blue.
Knee, slap and bluegrass.
How does surviving a disaster
affect the way kids think and feel?
It's all on Nicknews W5 This Week.
Nicknews.
Your world.
Your news.
Tomorrow at 8-7 Central,
on the network that's tuned in to kids.
Nickelodeon.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Whatever you did to me, buddy.
Thanks.
Wait, are you okay?
Come on, we've got to get out of here.
Come back.
I'm going to get help.
Raymond, don't have time for this.
Atmosphere at point zero seven and falling.
Boy will not survive.
Girl, reach medium power at point nine.
Put this back on.
The atmosphere is getting low.
We have to be back on this ship by six.
Five-fifty-nine point three-oh.
To be precise.
We have to find the girl.
Bring her back.
Her specimen is these Earth children.
Back, Karen.
Your trip is just beginning.
Her back.
A side of the universe.
Let's go see Olga.
She'll be back.
She won't leave her brother.
We'll shoot him toward little command.
You can fly like a bird.
You can see through to other worlds.
What about Billy?
I heard what they said.
He'd die there.
It doesn't belong there, Karen.
Billy without you.
You're a terrible mistake, Karen.
I don't think so.
What happened?
Who were those people?
Man, that was really weird.
I know.
It's my dream.
No, dear.
This isn't a dream.
This was your rescue.
My rescue?
We left you here by mistake ten years ago.
I would have explained everything once the proper atmosphere
brought all of your senses back.
What's going on?
We can't stay any longer.
We've run out of atmosphere.
It will be another ten years before we can return.
What are you talking about?
Is this a joke or what?
Ten years.
Goodbye for now, dear.
You may think you know someone,
but think again and look a little closer.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
Whoever you are.
Get ready now to play ball.
It's very, very all-star, next on Nick at Night.
Leading off, it's Lucy Goes to Marine Land,
where Lucy meets Angel slugger Jimmy Pearsall
and ends up in a pool full of sea lions.
Then stay tuned for more baseball crates on
Very, Very All-Star, next on Nick at Night.